add mac os support (#10064)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/troubleshoot-ci/debug-mode.md

* You have the feature flag `CI_REMOTE_DEBUG` enabled. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable this feature.
* The build fails at a [Run step](../use-ci/run-step-settings.md) with a Bash, Shell, Python, or PowerShell Core (`pwsh`) script in a **Build** (`CI`) stage.

> * The build runs on Linux or macOS across any [supported build infrastructure](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/which-build-infrastructure-is-right-for-me). 

Reviewer: i think mentioning "across any supported build infrastructure" in confusing .
We can just say it supports Linux and macOS only. Windows is not currently supported.
@rajatharanganath  - is there any limitation with regards to build infra?

> * The build runs on a Linux-based or Mac OS on any [build infrastructure](../use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/which-build-infrastructure-is-right-for-me.md) (Harness Cloud, a self-managed VM, a Kubernetes cluster, or a local runner).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The build can run on Linux or macOS across any [supported build infrastructure](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/which-build-infrastructure-is-right-for-me). 
```
